2023-04-24 08:10
Parent:: [[Daily]] 
Parent:: xxxx





## Worked on

- [[CONFIG-3663 Make Available Ford OEM]]
- [[UAE issue]]

## Notes

Branch: (Config/MR/DailyMerge/20230418)

Daily Merge to Dev 2023-04-24
| Repo   | PR                                                 |
| ------ | -------------------------------------------------- |
| UI     | na                                                 |
| BE     | na                                                 |
| Client | na                                                 |
| API    | Aaarrrggghhhhh!! - Still busy with merge conflicts |
| DB     | na                                                 |
| Core   | na                                                 |

- **NO need to read through all of this, just explaining my merge for API and why I decided to stop**
- Thanks for all the API merge conflicts :-) (joke) Please note. Where there were conflicts between INT and DEV, I chose INT. If you has any -beta nugets checked in which you need to use. IF it is newer than the current INT, feel free to add it to DEV. I think it is safest to overwrite -beta with what is on INT, else things are going to get very confusing. So if you need a -beta, I think if it gets overwritten, create a new -beta with the latest INT and your code and then use that in DEV.
- In some cases INT has fewer items than DEV. I still went with INT. (To clean up some potential unneeded things)
- MiX.DeviceConfig.Api.Client I ensured the version is 2023.7.20230406.1
- It feels like I am having to go too far with this... seeing I am doing a lot of DP things next...
- Microsoft.Identity.Client needed to be 4.47.2
- MiX.DeviceIntegration.DataProcessing.DTOs was complaining about RawValue not being in Event. I upgraded this to the latest -beta.
- After this I still had a few code issues.... DP... convertion issues between long? and uint? also between long and uint.
- MiX.DeviceIntegration.DataProcessing.DataAccess also needed to upgrade to the latest -beta
- MiX.DeviceIntegration.DataProcessing.Core (I did the same)
- Still having issues with convertions
- OK - restarting...
- 

MiX.Fleet.Services.Api.Client

MiX.DeviceIntegration.Core.Logging
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Core.Messages.TDI
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Core.LoadBalancing
MiX.Core.Serialization.NewtonsoftJson

MiX.DeviceConfig.Api.Client" version="2023.4.20230314.3" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Common" version="2023.8.20230419.1" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Core" version="2023.8.20230419.1" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Core.Alerts" version="2023.8.20230419.1" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Core.DeviceState" version="2023.8.20230419.1" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Core.Logging" version="2023.8.20230419.1" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Core.Metrics" version="2023.8.20230419.1" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Core.Queueing" version="2023.8.20230419.1" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.DataProcessing.Core" version="2023.8.20230421.1" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.DataProcessing.DataAccess" version="2023.8.20230421.1" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.DataProcessing.DTOs" version="2023.8.20230421.1" 
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Queueing.Kafka
MiX.DeviceIntegration.Queueing.MSMQ
MiX.DeviceIntegration.QueueingManager

MiX.DeviceIntegration.Core.Messages.TDI
Microsoft.Data.SqlClient






